[33mcommit 87c3e4a1291b0cf07644e9d09eced9a79fad4eb7[m[33m ([m[1;36mHEAD[m[33m -> [m[1;32mmain[m[33m)[m
Author: yoteenz <kateenaarmstrong@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 17 13:42:35 2025 -0500

    Add 71 assets from public/assets to FS repository

public/assets/Bangs-icon.svg
public/assets/Bleach-icon.svg
public/assets/Bohemy.otf
public/assets/Bohemy.ttf
public/assets/CS desktop-background.webp
public/assets/CS header.svg
public/assets/Crimps-icon.svg
public/assets/Flat iron-icon.svg
public/assets/Futura PT Book.ttf
public/assets/Futura PT Medium.ttf
public/assets/Lagos Hairline-icon.svg
public/assets/Layers-icon.svg
public/assets/Marble Floor.jpg
public/assets/NOIR/account-icon.svg
public/assets/NOIR/account-wishlist.svg
public/assets/NOIR/blanco front.png
public/assets/NOIR/blanco-thumb.png
public/assets/NOIR/bottom.png
public/assets/NOIR/cap size chart.png
public/assets/NOIR/cap-size-chart.png
public/assets/NOIR/chart.png
public/assets/NOIR/client-photo.png
public/assets/NOIR/closed-arrow.svg
public/assets/NOIR/curl-thumb.png
public/assets/NOIR/down-arrow.svg
public/assets/NOIR/filled-star.png
public/assets/NOIR/front.png
public/assets/NOIR/leaf-brick.png
public/assets/NOIR/left-facing-arrow.svg
public/assets/NOIR/mannequin bottom.png
public/assets/NOIR/mannequin hero.png
public/assets/NOIR/mannequin top.png
public/assets/NOIR/menu-marble.png
public/assets/NOIR/noir front.png
public/assets/NOIR/noir left.png
public/assets/NOIR/noir right.png
public/assets/NOIR/noir-thumb.png
public/assets/NOIR/right-facing-arrow.svg
public/assets/NOIR/social-icons.svg
public/assets/NOIR/star ratings.svg
public/assets/NOIR/star-symbol.png
public/assets/NOIR/top.png
public/assets/NOIR/wave front.png
public/assets/NOIR/wave-thumb.png
public/assets/Natural Hairline-icon.svg
public/assets/Peak Hairline-icon.svg
public/assets/Pluck-icon.svg
public/assets/Texture-icon.svg
public/assets/active bag.svg
public/assets/active cart-icon.svg
public/assets/active messages-icon.svg
public/assets/active notifications-icon.svg
public/assets/active-bag-icon.svg
public/assets/add to cart-icon.svg
public/assets/b length thumb.png
public/assets/b1.webp
public/assets/back button.svg
public/assets/back length-icon.svg
public/assets/back-button.svg
public/assets/back-icon.svg
public/assets/cap size-icon.svg
public/assets/check.svg
public/assets/clip ends-icon.svg
public/assets/close-icon.svg
public/assets/coming soon-header.png
public/assets/density.png
public/assets/facebook-icon.svg
public/assets/favicon.png
public/assets/fonnts.com-Futura_PT_Demi.otf
public/assets/front angle-icon.svg
public/assets/glue-thumb.svg
public/assets/hairline-icon.svg
public/assets/inactive cart-icon.svg
public/assets/inactive message-icon.svg
public/assets/inactive notifications-icon.svg
public/assets/instagram-icon.svg
public/assets/lace-icon.svg
public/assets/lagos front.png
public/assets/lagos left.png
public/assets/lagos right.png
public/assets/leaf-brick.png
public/assets/left angle-icon.svg
public/assets/load-screen.gif
public/assets/m1.webp
public/assets/media-icon.svg
public/assets/menu-icon.svg
public/assets/mobile-coming.png
public/assets/natural front.png
public/assets/natural left.png
public/assets/natural right.png
public/assets/new-background.jpg
public/assets/none-icon.svg
public/assets/peak front.png
public/assets/peak left.png
public/assets/peak right.png
public/assets/right angle-icon.svg
public/assets/search-icon.svg
public/assets/tablet header.webp
public/assets/thigh length thumb.png
public/assets/tiktok-icon.svg
public/assets/twitter-icon.svg
public/assets/wishlist-heart.svg
